IPL Auction Problem Statement

1. Get top 5 players with high S.R who have faced at least 500 balls. (Strike rate is the total runs scored by the batsman divided by the number of balls faced but remember when extras_type is 'wides' it is not counted as a ball faced neither counted as batsman runs)

2. Get top 5 players with good averages who have played more than 2 IPL
seasons. (Average is calculated as total runs scored divided by number of times batsman has been dismissed which can be calculated using wicket_ball field as 1 indicates out and 0 indicates not out, a batsman should’ve been dismissed at least once to calculate the sr i.e., you can exclude those players who have not been dismissed once)

3. Get top 5 Hard-hitting players who have scored the most runs in
boundaries and have played more in the 2 IPL seasons. (Only 4 and 6 will be counted as boundaries so calculate how many 4 and 6 have been hit by each batsman and also calculate total runs scored to get the output as boundary percentage which will be run in boundary divided by total runs scored)

4. Get 5 bowlers with a good economy who have bowled at least
500 balls in IPL so far. (Economy can be calculated by dividing total runs conceded by total overs bowled)

5. Get 5 bowlers with the best strike rate and who have bowled at least
500 balls in IPL so far. (Strike rate of a bowler can be calculated by the number of balls bowled divided by the total wickets taken)

6. Get 2-3 All-rounders with the best batting as well as bowling strike rate
and who have faced at least 500 balls in IPL so far and have bowled a minimum of 300
balls. (Strike rate of an all-rounder can be calculated using the same criteria as a batsman similarly the bowling strike rate can be calculated using the criteria of a bowler)


 
Additional Questions for Final Assessment
 
1.	Get the count of cities that have hosted an IPL match. 
2.	Write a query to fetch the total runs scored for each venue and order it in the descending order of total runs scored.
3.	Write a query to fetch the year-wise total runs scored at Eden Gardens and order it in the descending order of total runs scored.
